_My passion is __programming__, generally, my passion for computer technology has been with me since childhood. I remember playing the __Polish game Franko__ on the __commodore__ on the __joystick__. Heheh, those were the times... And although my professional experience was not related to the __IT industry__, I learned all __programming languages__ completely on my own, from a pure passion for what I do. I wanted to enter the __IT industry__ a long time ago, but I thought that it would be impossible to do without studies in this field. That is why I decided to study computer science in college, where I got to know C ++ and this is how my adventure with programming languages and the desire to learn them began. Unfortunately, with the completion of the first semester (and really good grades) I had to pause my studies for family reasons. I used the word "pause" here on purpose because I want to go back to college and finish what I started as much as possible, because __I don't like leaving things unfinished__. Especially where I was doing really well._
__Automotive__ _is my second __passion__. This passion, if you can call it that, is more because of my professional experience and the fact that I was in some sense surrounded by it. And in short, I can put it in a way that I can fix mechanics in my car, or maybe a little more than what, but I don't like to do it. Yes, I could replace what I can replace / repair, but on the other hand, what for? :-P I don't want to do it professionally, because it doesn't turn me on like computers and everything related to this technology. I do not have a so-called "train" like to computers._
_The rest of my passions are to a very small extent, but always to some extent :-) it is a sport, namely football, boxing. I am also interested in traveling and learning about different cultures. This is a very interesting option, but associated with larger or small expenses, but they are always expenses that qualify for pleasure also on the other hand, so they are on my list, so to say a little lower, as soon as they can cope with calm head, so to speak, let it happen_ :stuck_out_tongue:
